c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\bin\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\bin\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\bin\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.frmMain.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmNhanVien.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmMayBay.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.FrmHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.FrmTimkiem.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.FrmTimkiemkh.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.FrmXuatds.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmDangnhap.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmDoimk.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QLBanVeMayBay\QLBanVeMayBay\obj\Debug\QLBanVeMayBay.View.frmGioithieu.resources
